Good morning.
It's so great to see so many of you here.
So by now, many of you have gained some
familiarity with AV Foundation.
And perhaps you've even used
AV Foundation successfully
in your applications.
What we're going to discover
today is the new features that
we've built into the framework,
we've been working hard on
this over the last year,
that allow you to customize
and really control the playback
experience for your users.
I'm Simon, and I'm part of the
Media Systems team at Apple.
And we're going to cover
three topics today.
The first topic is how can
you tightly coordinate,
tightly synchronize events
in your application,
like gameplay and generated audio,
with video playback or playback
in general with AV Foundation.
The second topic is how can you
achieve realtime audio effects,
realtime audio visualization
in your application.
And then finally, the third topic,
something that I know many of you
have been requesting for some time,
is the ability to do the same for video.
Real-time video effects,
real-time processing
on both iOS and Mac OS.
Now, there's a common goal
to all three of these.
And if we don't achieve that goal
when building these applications,
we lose the magic of a movie.
And that ingredient
that we have to achieve
is ensuring precise,
accurate audiovisual synchronization.
We're going to come back.
I'm going to highlight how
you can achieve that in
all three of these topics.
There are some prereqs for this session.
We'll need familiarity with the objects
that I introduced this session last year.
The static model objects,
AV asset and the AV asset track.
The dynamic at play time,
dynamic play time objects,
the AV player item and
the AV player item track.
You also need to be familiar
with the media controller,
the AV player.
I showed you this diagram last year.
AV Foundation sits below the application
toolkits UIKit on iOS and AppKit on OS X.
And it sits above the core frameworks,
Core Audio, Core Media,
and Core Animation.
But today, I'd like to introduce two
new public frameworks to you.
Media Toolbox and Video Toolbox.
And functions from these
frameworks start with VT and MT.
We're giving you these frameworks because
they provide low-level functionality that
will help enhance the customization and
enhance the experience for your users.
But first,
let me take this opportunity to
give you a quick playback update.
Enhancements to playback in
AV Foundation since last year.
Last year,
I gave you this recipe for achieving
basic playback in just four easy steps.
The first step was to
create your AV URL asset.
Then, using the AV asynchronous
key value loading protocol,
you loaded the tracks.
Once your tracks have
been successfully loaded,
you created your AV player item.
And then with that AV player item,
you associated it finally
with your AV player.
Now,
given the feedback from developers like
yourselves here at DubDub and since then,
we've made it even easier.
In fact, we made it easier even in iOS 5.
You can now achieve basic
playback in just three easy steps.
But if your application needs to
discover the tracks over your asset,
because you need to know about the
collection of video tracks or the
collection of audio tracks to do
some logic in your application,
you still need to load,
using the AV asynchronous
key value loading protocol,
the tracks property.
If you don't, on iOS,
you risk RPC timeout.
And on OS X, you risk your application
becoming unresponsive and your
users will experience the spod,
the spinning pinwheel of death.
So let's move on.
Before we can talk about how
to customize the playback
experience for your applications,
I need to introduce you to some
synchronization primitives,
some objects that will help you
customize that playback experience and
tightly control the synchronization.
Last year,
the classes that we talked about
for playback were the AV Player,
the AV Player Item,
and the AV Player Layer.
AV synchronization wasn't something
that you needed to deal with.
It wasn't something that concerned you.
AV Foundation did the hard work of
ensuring the right image was displayed
in your AV player layer and audio that
was coming out of the audio device
was magically and perfectly in sync.
But to do this,
your AV player item was managing separate
video and audio pipelines for you.
Now, to get all these objects
perfectly in sync,
they all need a common sense of time,
a common source of time measurement.
And as you probably know,
like we do in the real world,
the source of time
measurement is a clock.
But in our computer systems today,
we have multiple clocks.
On iOS,
you have a host clock in your SOC.
You've got an audio clock
in your audio device.
And on Mac OS, you have much the same.
You have an audio clock for
every core audio device that's
attached to your system.
And you have a host time
clock associated with the CPU.
To get all these objects
perfectly synchronized,
they all need a common clock.
And so we're introducing
to you two new objects,
the CM Clock and the CM Timebase.
So a CM clock is a source
of time measurement.
There are two types,
the host clock and the audio clock.
Now the time base extends on
this notion by introducing rate.
It's rate with respect to time.
Time bases are something that's
under the control either directly
or indirectly by your application.
And time bases can be slaved to a master.
They can be slaved to another
time base or directly to a clock.
Let's take a look at a
picture that describes this.
Time always marches on.
Time constantly progresses so
long as your system is powered.
Now, currently, the time base is static.
It's not moving with the clock
because its rate is set to zero.
If we set the rate to one to
commence regular playback,
The time base values now progress
in lock step with the clock.
For every one value on the time base,
there is an equivalent
value on the clock.
If our user now pushes the fast forward
button and sets the rate to two,
we see that values on the time base now
progress at twice the rate of the clock.
For every clock value,
there are two time base values.
[Transcript missing]
Then we see a sort of mesmerizing
pattern on the screen,
and we have the clock still marching
in the same direction that it
has been before at the same rate,
but now the time base is moving
in the opposite direction
with values decrementing.
How do you get these
CM time bases and CM clocks?
Well, on iOS,
to create a reference to the audio clock,
you can call CMAudioClockCreate.
On OS X, you can optionally specify a
Core Audio Device UID to get a clock
that references that specific device.
On either platform,
to get a reference to the host clock,
you call cm_clock_get_host_time_clock.
To get a reference to the time base,
we've added a new property
on the AVPlayer item.
And you can also create a time base and
slave it directly to a clock by calling
cm_timebase_create with master_clock.
And you can use this for an
AV sample buffer display layer.
Now that we've armed ourselves with
the knowledge of how to create clocks,
create time bases,
and their relationship to one another,
and their relationship with time,
let's use this knowledge to tightly
synchronize events in your application,
such as gameplay, with video playback.
In these series of slides,
what I want to show you is how
to synchronize video playback
with our own generated audio.
Your application might use the
audio toolbox to do this directly.
Let's return to this diagram.
And let me add back in the
AV Player and the AV Player layer
where our video will be displayed.
And let me introduce to you
new API on the AV Player that
allow us to synchronize with
now your own generated audio.
It's custom,
so you generate the audio yourself
using the audio toolbox APIs.
And that, by generating that,
you're driving the CM Audio Clock.
What we want to do now is tell
AV Foundation you need to synchronize
your playback with that clock
so that we all stay in sync.
What's the relationship
between these two?
How do we tell AV Foundation that's
the clock we need to do our time
calculations to and that's where
playback needs to be synchronized to?
To do that, it's really easy.
There's a new property on
the AV Player Master Clock.
Once you set that property to
a clock that you have created,
AV Foundation will ensure that
all time calculations occur
with respect to that clock.
or playback will be in
sync with that clock.
So that's a great way to stay in sync.
But how do we start in
sync in the first instance?
For that,
you can call setRateTimeAtHostTime.
We'll take a look at this
in just a quick moment.
By calling setRate at time at host time,
what you're instructing AV Foundation to
do is tightly coordinate so that
when you're playing out your audio,
we'll set the rate to 1 at the
exact same host time that you
anticipate audio hitting the speaker.
Now, this API takes host time
in a CM time structure.
And to convert that,
we provide a utility, CM Clock,
make host time from system units.
Once you've used this utility
to convert into CM time,
you can now use set rate
item time at host time.
And what you're doing by calling this API
is your declaring to AV Foundation that
there exists a pair of times,
one on the time-based timeline
and one on the clock timeline,
that occur at the same moment in time.
Once you've made this declaration,
all the times in the past
and in the future now can be
calculated by AV Foundation.
You can set the rate for both a past
host time as well as a future host time.
If you set rate for a past host time,
What AV Foundation will do
is it will pretend as if,
it will behave as if playback had been
going from that past time all along.
It will quickly catch up, load the media,
and start playback as if it had been
running since that time in the past.
But if you want to commence playback
in the not too distant future,
you want to be able to give
AV Foundation the opportunity to
load up some media and prepare
itself for that pending playback.
And to do that, we provide two APIs.
You can ask your AV player to pre-roll
for some playback rate and then execute
a completion handler when it's done.
This is an asynchronous operation.
So you can also ask the AV player to
cancel that operation if your user backs
out of UI or stops playback altogether.
Let's take a look now at a coding example
of where we can tightly synchronize
video playback using AV Foundation with
audio that you generate yourself.
You get a reference to your audio clock
where you want AV Foundation to do all
its video playback to be synchronized to.
You tell the AV player,
that's the clock where I need you to do
your time calculations with respect to,
and that's where we should
synchronize our video playback to.
To get AV Foundation to pre-roll and
get ready for this future host time,
we say pre-roll at rate,
and the playback rate
in this case is one,
regular playback,
and then execute a completion
handler when it's done.
When that completion handler
fires and it was successful,
we calculate a future host time
for when we anticipate our audio
to hit the speaker and finally,
We set the rate to 1.
We ask AV Foundation to set
the rate to 1 when that future
host time becomes current.
So now that we can tightly synchronize
our own audio with video playback
or our own gameplay with video
playback using AV Foundation,
How can we manipulate audio
in an audiovisual item or an
audio-only item during playback?
How can we affect those samples,
add an effect,
or just simply visualize them,
draw a waveform?
[Transcript missing]
And what we want to do here is we sort
of want to tap into that audio pipeline.
We want to intercept those decoded
audio samples as they're on their
way out to the audio device.
We want AV Foundation to
do the audio decode for us,
but we just want to get
at those audio samples,
manipulate them a little bit,
and then send them on their way.
And for that,
we're introducing a new object,
the MT Audio Processing Tap.
It's your opportunity for
doing customized audio
effects using AV Foundation.
To associate the MT Audio Processing
tap to our AV Player item,
we're going to use an object
that you might be familiar with,
and that's the AV Audio Mix.
If you're unfamiliar
with the AV Audio Mix,
you can pop back to last year's
session and re-familiarize yourself.
To configure an AV audio mix,
like we did last year for audio
ducking and audio volume ramping.
We use an AV audio mix input parameters
object and we can configure that for
each AV asset track that our asset has.
Now to do the association with
the empty audio processing tap,
we've introduced a new
property on that object,
the audio tap processor.
even yet told you how to create
an empty audio processing tap.
Let's take a look at that now.
To create an empty audio processing tap,
which is a CF type, and even under ARC,
you need to manage its lifetime
with retains and releases,
you call empty audio
processing tap create.
And to configure this object,
you fill out a structure called the
MT Audio Processing Tap Callbacks.
This structure defines a
set of function pointers,
callbacks into your application,
which will get executed throughout
the lifetime of the tap.
I want to focus on the last
three of these function pointers.
The prepare, unprepare, and finally,
the process callback.
The prepared callback is paired
with an unprepared callback.
In the prepared callback,
it's your opportunity
to allocate buffers,
to create objects that you'll
use during audio processing.
You do all your expensive
operations here.
The unprepared callback,
as you've probably guessed by now,
is your opportunity to do the converse,
to deallocate these buffers
and throw away those objects.
But in the processing callback,
you need to stay completely focused
on doing your audio processing.
You can't, or you shouldn't,
Obtain locks, do allocations,
do deallocations.
Because if you do,
you risk your user encountering audio
stutters which are very noticeable.
They'll hear these audible glitches.
process callback provides
another structure,
the audio buffer list.
And this structure,
at the time of you getting
the process callback,
is only partially populated.
At this point in time,
it only describes the number of buffers
and the number of samples in each
buffer that have been made available
to you for processing by the tap.
To actually get those samples,
you need to pull them out of the tap.
And for that,
you call MT Audio Processing
Tap Get Source Audio.
This is your opportunity to pull
those samples that have been made
available to you out of the tap.
It's important to note that
the buffers that have been made
available to you are only good
for the lifetime of this callback.
If you need them for longer,
you should copy them.
Now, if you want all the samples that
have been made available to you,
you can pass in the audio buffer
list structure in its form
that it was given to you at the
time of the process callback.
And this will get all the audio samples,
all the audio buffers that
have been made available.
So during the process callback,
remain focused,
keep your code honed in on just
doing the audio processing.
You're executing on a
very high priority thread,
and those of you who have worked with
Core Audio before are well aware of
the constraints of doing this sort
of audio processing in real time.
If you do need to do audio
processing on some ancillary
thread or ancillary work queue,
you might want to consider
the use of a CM simple queue.
This data structure is both
lockless and thread safe.
Let's take a look now at a coding
example where we use the process
callback to just iterate over the
buffers and the samples in each buffer
and do some trivial manipulation.
The first thing we're going to do
is call the empty audio processing
tab get source audio routine to
pull out of the tab all the samples
that have been made available.
Now that we've learned how many
buffers and how many samples
in each buffer are available,
and we've even pulled
out the data itself,
we can now iterate over them.
We can do something
interesting with each to,
say, ramp up the volume a little bit.
We can multiply each sample by a scalar.
And if we need to discover if
our samples are interleaved,
you can do that in the init callback.
Sorry, the prepare callback.
In this particular example,
I've discovered this already
and I've sorted in Naiva.
Now I'd like to give you a demo of how
you can easily combine the empty audio
processing tap with a core audio unit.
The audio unit that I'm going to use
in this demo is a bandpass filter.
And what a bandpass filter does is
it allows us to define a subrange of
audio frequencies that are allowed
to play out through the speaker.
High frequencies and low
frequencies are cut out.
There are two properties we can
affect on the bandpass filter.
We can affect the center of that filter,
whether it's centered around
the high frequencies or down
in the mellow low frequencies.
And we can also affect the
range or the bandwidth of that
subrange of audio frequencies.
Let me show this to you right now.
I first want to play the item
for you at its full fidelity so
that you can appreciate the audio
track before I apply the effect.
As I play, you can watch the video meters
bounce in sync with the audio.
I also want to highlight the audio
synchronization with the visuals.
You can see the artist here
strumming along on the strings.
Now I'm going to play
you the same item again,
but I'm going to apply
the bandpass filter.
I'm going to leave the
bandwidth roughly as is.
And then as it's playing,
I'm going to move the center of the range
up and down the full frequency range
so that you can hear how the audio unit
affects the audio as it's playing out.
As I move the center of the
frequency up to the highs,
you'll notice that the audio
becomes nice and bright.
As I move it down into the lows,
it will become more mellow.
So how easy is it for you to
use a Core Audio audio unit with
the empty audio processing tab?
It's really quite simple.
The two technologies were
made to work together.
To create an audio unit,
you fill out an audio
component description.
Once you've discovered
and created this unit,
you configure the render callback.
In the render callback,
it's really quite simple.
Every time the audio unit
calls you back and says,
I need more audio to
render the effect onto,
all you need to do is call empty audio
processing tab get source audio to pull
out those samples and then give them
back to the audio unit for processing.
Now that we've discovered
how to do real-time audio
effects in your application,
either by manipulating the samples
directly or by applying an audio unit
developed by Apple in your application,
Let's do the same for video.
Let's discover now two ways to achieve
realtime video effects to either do
image analysis or to use the video
images that have been decoded in realtime
with some other imaging technology.
But before we dive in,
let's discuss what the challenges
are of all types of video processing,
irrespective of which
platform we're doing this on.
The next goal of this is to
obtain images during playback.
The second goal,
if we're trying to do some non-trivial
type of processing or image analysis,
is that we'd want those images a little
bit ahead of the playhead so that we
have some time to manipulate them.
If we're doing this,
we'd like to still maintain AV sync
because that's our number one goal.
and we'd like to have each
of those images time stamped
with a display deadline.
Returning to our diagram,
you've probably already used the
AV player layer in your application.
You've used it with CoreAnimation
and you've produced some
very creative forms of video
presentation in your application.
For those of you who are familiar
with the AV player layer,
you've never been able to
associate multiple AV player
layers with an AV player.
Well, new in iOS 6 and Mountain Lion,
we now are giving you the support
to associate multiple AV player
layers with a single AV player.
We haven't even gotten
to the cool part yet.
By doing this, you can achieve some
really creative effects.
It's very simple and you don't even have
to worry about the audiovisual sync.
AV Foundation will still do this for you.
It's extremely easy to use.
And I would go so far as to say that
if you're considering doing real-time
video effects in your application,
you should first consider
the use of an AVPlayer layer.
What this means for you is that the
code that you need to maintain is less,
increasing your maintainability,
and freeing you up to do other things.
You can do some really compelling, easy,
functional things with just multiple
player layers associated with the player.
In fact,
I want to show this to you right now.
In this demo,
I'm going to show you two things.
The first thing I want to show you
is how very simple it is to create a
functional feature in your application
with just a screen full of code.
The second thing I want to highlight
in this demo is how multiple player
layers are perfectly in sync.
What I'm going to do in this demo
is I'm going to show you an AV loop.
A magnifying glass is a video loop
that you might be familiar with from
applications such as iPhoto and Aperture.
It's a magnifying glass,
so now we can appreciate
the detail in a video image.
Let me switch to the iPad and
show this to you right now.
So here's our loop.
It's multiple player layers.
In this case, it's two.
And we can see this chap out
on the San Francisco Bay.
He has a lovely yacht,
which you too can own if
you are successful in using
AV Foundation in your application.
And even though it's full
HD at a very high bit rate,
Because we're not reading back
from the GPU or any of that stuff,
it's super fluid.
It's like butter, or at least butter that
you've left out overnight.
And I can zoom in on the
skipper here and magnify him.
I can also zoom in on his vessel ID.
And now,
because we have this sort of a feature,
we can appreciate the depth
of field in this image.
If you're an avid
videographer like myself,
you can appreciate the depth
of field in this image.
Shallow depth of field,
how sharp the foreground is,
and how beautifully
Bookade out the background is,
we've got Fort Baker in the
background and Tiburon over here.
But all of this is just
one screen full of code.
And the synchronization between the
multiple player layers is automatic.
There's nothing that we needed to do in
this application to achieve this effect.
Let me switch back to the slides and
describe to you how you can do this.
It's really quite simple.
Like I said, there are two player layers.
The first player layer is sized
to fit the bounds of the display.
It's our main view into the video.
The second player layer is sized to
fit four times the bounds of the first,
so that we get that
magnified zoom effect.
To make it look like a magnifying glass,
we're going to create a CA shape layer.
and associate with that a core
graphics path for creating the circle.
Applying that mask to
the magnified layer,
we get a visible region.
And this visible region obscures
a smaller magnified region
on the main player layer.
To make this interactive,
we're going to have a UI image view
and a UI pan gesture recognizer
that's associated only to that
view so that touches and other user
interface events only go to that view.
Then we apply some fancy artwork,
composite the two,
and now we have an interactive
application that's producing the loop.
It's that easy.
Our user can move around and it's
very fluid and it looks as if they're
magnifying the main player layer.
But as powerful as associating multiple
player layers to a single player are,
and as efficient it is because
there's only one media decode
to feed all these player layers,
you might need something more powerful.
You might need video images
themselves so that you can do
your own custom manipulation and
your own custom image analysis.
And for that,
we're introducing a whole new object.
It's the AV Player Item Video Output.
You can associate multiple
of these to a single player,
and it's your key for achieving
custom video processing.
So how do you use one of these things?
To use an AV Player Item video output,
you can use it with other
imaging technologies such
as OpenGL or Core Graphics.
And you can use it to do your own video
effects and your own video analysis.
It's available both on
Mountain Lion and iOS 6.
To use it, there are two questions
that you can ask of it.
Do you have a new pixel buffer
that I haven't seen before,
a new image?
And if you do,
Can I copy that pixel buffer for a
particular time in the item's timeline
and then optionally receive a CM time
describing its exact display deadline?
To drive your use of the
AVPlayer Item Video Output,
you need to use a fixed rate
hardware synchronized service.
And on OS X,
the candidates are a CV display
link and a CA OpenGL layer.
On iOS, you've got the CA display link or
the GL kit view or view controller.
And each of these services guarantees
to you a callback to your application
that's in at the same lockstep frequency
as the vertical sync on your hardware.
Here's a picture that describes this.
As a device is displaying
the most appropriate image,
for HostTime T0, you get a callback that
prepares your application,
prepares your object for the
next vertical sync at T1.
The next thing you're going to
do is try and convert that host
time into the item timeline.
You can call item time for host time.
And what you're doing here
is you're asking AV Foundation to do that
time calculation that we saw earlier.
For T1,
What's the appropriate image time?
What's the value in the green circle?
Once AV Foundation has done the
arithmetic to do that for you,
you now know what the
image time is -- sorry,
the item time is that
you need to ask for.
And you can ask the
AV player item video output,
do you have a new pixel buffer
that I haven't seen yet?
Each time you copy an image from
your AV player item video output,
it will maintain a record of consumption.
And that's true for every instance.
It's a separate record of consumption.
If there is a new pixel buffer
available for that item time,
you now have the opportunity to copy
that pixel buffer and receive a CM time
describing its exact display deadline.
You render that image out using the
imaging technology of your choice.
It gets split to the screen
at the next vertical sync,
and then the service prepares
you for the next iteration at D2.
On iOS, you might use a CA display link.
Let's take a look now at a coding
example on how you set up the
CA display link and use it with
an AVPlayer item video output.
The first thing you do is you set
up the display link with a target
of yourself and a selector where
you'd like the callback to occur.
[Transcript missing]
And if we want to be efficient,
we can set the initial state to pause
so it's not calling us back immediately.
And this will save power.
And we'll unpause it when
our user commences playback.
And then we add it to a run loop.
In the selector,
the first thing that we need to
do is calculate the time value
for the next vertical sync.
Using a CA display link,
you ask it for its time stamp
and you ask it for its duration.
How often, what time value is it
between each callback?
Then we ask our AV player item
output the standard questions.
Do the calculation from
item time into--sorry,
from host time into item time.
Once we've done the calculation,
is there a new pixel buffer that
I haven't seen yet for that item time?
If there is, well, let me have it.
I want to pull the next pixel buffer
by calling copy pixel buffer and
optionally receive the display deadline.
If you're on iOS and
you want to use OpenGL,
now is your opportunity to
create separate textures,
one for Luma, one for Chroma,
because that's the most efficient path,
using a CVE OpenGL ES texture cache.
And what's also important to
note here is CV pixel buffers,
CF types, that need to be maintained
with CF retains and releases,
even under ARC.
Of course, like I promised,
you can pull ahead of the playhead.
You can ask the AVPlayer
item video output for images
ahead of the current time.
You can add an interval that's
appropriate for your custom processing.
and have the AV Player Item Video Output
calculate the item time
that's appropriate.
If you fall behind in your processing,
you don't need to worry.
The AV Player item video output
will automatically discard all
images behind the playhead.
And as I alluded to earlier,
you can pause many of these
hardware synchronized services.
And you want to do this whenever your
application isn't doing any playback,
it's paused,
or maybe that view has gone away,
your user has closed
down the playback view.
You want to try and shut down
those services so that they're
not constantly calling you back.
And to help you start up again,
you can ask the AVPlayer item
video output to give you a callback
when it anticipates more images
will come down from the decode.
You can ask it to request
notification of media data
change with an advanced interval.
And the advanced interval that
you provide here is the amount of
time that you require to restart
your processing operations,
to recreate objects, to recreate buffers.
If you make this request of
an AVPlayer item video output,
your delegate will be messaged,
output media data will change.
So on this slide,
we have ten of our most talented
Media Systems engineers.
Not only can these guys code
but they can also dance.
And as funny as they are,
I want to show you a demo of how to
use an AVPlayer item video output.
And this demo seeks to
highlight four things.
First, I want to show you how to use
the AVPlayer item video output.
And I want to show it to you within the
context of an interactive OpenGL ES 2.0
game that uses GLKit to drive consumption
from the AVPlayer item video output.
For each image, we're going to apply a
real-time chroma key effect.
This chroma key effect is
implemented in GLSL in a fragment
program and executed on the
And I want to show you a technique
that's particularly useful on
iOS called Texture Atlas Sync,
where we can push together or offer
together multiple smaller movies
into a much larger movie so that we
maximize each texture that has been
decoded and uploaded onto the GPU.
Let me switch to the demo iPad
and show you this game right now.
And here we have our game.
You might begin to recognize it.
Here's our interactive OpenGL ES game.
It's interactive because
I can swipe around and reveal
other members of the team.
The movie that's playing is the same
movie you saw earlier on the slides.
On the GPU, we're slicing up each of the
individual movies and pushing them
out to the pieces on this puzzle.
I can move it around and manipulate it
just by swiping around on the display.
And like I promised,
I can apply a real-time video effect at
any time just by tapping on the display.
So maybe by now you're recognizing
what kind of a game this is.
And as much as I'd love to try
and solve this for you right here,
right now on stage,
I'm going to do what any good
programmer will do and get
the computer to do it for him.
I'm going to push and hold and
have the application do it for me.
Everything is happening in
real time and I can turn on
and off the effects at will.
If you want to try texture
atlasing in your application,
there are three things that
you might want to consider.
The first is that you can create
the texture atlas very easy with
an AV mutable video composition.
The second is, if you're using H.264,
you want to try and line your tiles
of video along 16 pixel boundaries.
And then for the maximum effect,
you want to try and have your videos
loop with common start and end frames.
I see it's solved,
but I need to switch back to
slides because I have a little bit
more I want to summarize with you.
That's pretty neat, isn't it?
There's so many very creative
things that you can do with this.
I think it's quite powerful,
and I think the applications
that you can create with this,
with an AVPlayer item video output,
are almost limitless.
Let's summarize the key points of today.
The first thing that we saw was
that AV Sync is the key goal.
It's what you need to maintain in your
applications so that your users continue
to experience the magic of a movie.
If you lose it, the effect is lost.
To ensure tight synchronization with
playback within your application,
you tell AV Foundation specifically
which clock you want to synchronize to,
which clock AV Foundation should do
its time calculations with respect to.
With the empty audio processing tap,
We stressed how important it is to
remain efficient during processing,
to completely focus that one callback
on just doing audio processing
and not any ancillary operations.
And then using the
AV Player Item Video output,
you drive consumption by using
one of a collection of hardware
synchronized fixed rate services.
For more information about AV Foundation,
please contact our media
technology evangelist,
Eric Verschen.
I hope you are having and will
continue to have a wonderful dub dub.
And I'm really looking forward
to the applications that you guys
can develop with these new APIs.
Thank you very much.